README.md, before:

<div align="left">
<a href="http://192.168.0.187:8000">
  <img alt="Immergis Road logo" src="/uploads/c16931f340d5402403bd1e335d1d8787/image.png" width="500px" />
</a>

**A road asset management system**

<!-- TODO : add badges -->

</div>

## Motivation

Contribute to improving the public space by supporting actors in connection with the management and development of linear networks.

## Getting Started

**[Live demo](http://192.168.0.187:8000)**

```bash
$ git clone https://gitlab.immergis.fr/osiris/osiris-front.git
$ cd osiris-front
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

## Best features

- See the state of your roads on a map
- ...

## Built With

- [Angular 10](https://angular.io/) an application design framework and development platform for creating efficient and sophisticated single-page apps.
- [Treo](https://treo.pulsethemes.com/angular/docs/guides/changelog) starter template build with material and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/) Components for Angular create from [material design](https://material.io/design) specifications.
- [Ngxs](https://www.ngxs.io/) a state management pattern + library for Angular.
- [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) maps library. Use [Ngx-mapbox-gl](https://github.com/Wykks/ngx-mapbox-gl) for angular.
- [Transloco](https://ngneat.github.io/transloco/) the internationalization (i18n) library for Angular.
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) a delightful JavaScript Testing Framework with a focus on simplicity.
- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/welcome/) monitoring platform helps every developer
  diagnose, fix, and optimize the performance of their code.

## Convention

- [Angular coding style guide](https://angular.io/guide/styleguide)
- [Conventional commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

## Api reference

- [Postman documentation](https://gold-capsule-312599.postman.co/collections/10210290-dd881212-dde6-4536-8831-db81c2956c7f?version=latest&workspace=585d6e06-b18c-47eb-9880-d24b64ecfb59#0682948e-6749-413d-8b5c-0628bda3fa1e)

## License

TODO - Immergis

## Screenshot

<div>
  <img alt="sign-in" src="/uploads/babf7d10132479ea7e9c8910ae9400e8/sign-in.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="map" src="/uploads/67c412fc23243d604990d59353d9dd12/map.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="section" src="/uploads/1bf22d00e9eabd233539afb5b8b070e5/section.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="layers" src="/uploads/6150920588f124813a41a1ac96e9cfb2/layers.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="coming-sson" src="/uploads/008219889ea18a9813b853fedc6e70d3/coming-soon.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="not-found" src="/uploads/3362113a610b3079258f55b6e8ce4be7/not-found.png" width="350px" />

</div>

Commit message:

chore: add cypress an first example to e2e testing

README.md, after:

<div align="left">
<a href="http://192.168.0.187:8000">
  <img alt="Immergis Road logo" src="/uploads/c16931f340d5402403bd1e335d1d8787/image.png" width="500px" />
</a>

**A road asset management system**

<!-- TODO : add badges -->

</div>

## Motivation

Contribute to improving the public space by supporting actors in connection with the management and development of linear networks.

## Getting Started

**[Live demo](http://192.168.0.187:8000)**

```bash
$ git clone https://gitlab.immergis.fr/osiris/osiris-front.git
$ cd osiris-front
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

## Best features

- See the state of your roads on a map
- ...

## Built With

- [Angular 10](https://angular.io/) an application design framework and development platform for creating efficient and sophisticated single-page apps.
- [Treo](https://treo.pulsethemes.com/angular/docs/guides/changelog) starter template build with material and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/) Components for Angular create from [material design](https://material.io/design) specifications.
- [Ngxs](https://www.ngxs.io/) a state management pattern + library for Angular.
- [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) maps library. Use [Ngx-mapbox-gl](https://github.com/Wykks/ngx-mapbox-gl) for angular.
- [Transloco](https://ngneat.github.io/transloco/) the internationalization (i18n) library for Angular.
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) a delightful JavaScript Testing Framework with a focus on simplicity.
- [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) Fast, easy and reliable testing for anything that runs in a browser.
- [Gitlab CI](https://sentry.io/welcome/) is a tool built into GitLab for software development through the continuous methodologies.
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) create image for the last developement versioon and all release.
- [Sentry](https://sentry.io/welcome/) monitoring platform helps every developer.
  diagnose, fix, and optimize the performance of their code.

## Convention

- [Angular coding style guide](https://angular.io/guide/styleguide)
- [Conventional commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

## Api reference

- [Postman documentation](https://gold-capsule-312599.postman.co/collections/10210290-dd881212-dde6-4536-8831-db81c2956c7f?version=latest&workspace=585d6e06-b18c-47eb-9880-d24b64ecfb59#0682948e-6749-413d-8b5c-0628bda3fa1e)

## License

TODO - Immergis

## Screenshot

<div>
  <img alt="sign-in" src="/uploads/babf7d10132479ea7e9c8910ae9400e8/sign-in.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="map" src="/uploads/67c412fc23243d604990d59353d9dd12/map.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="section" src="/uploads/1bf22d00e9eabd233539afb5b8b070e5/section.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="layers" src="/uploads/6150920588f124813a41a1ac96e9cfb2/layers.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="coming-sson" src="/uploads/008219889ea18a9813b853fedc6e70d3/coming-soon.png" width="350px" />
  <img alt="not-found" src="/uploads/3362113a610b3079258f55b6e8ce4be7/not-found.png" width="350px" />

</div>
